Problem Statement:
------------------
You are part of a project to create a bot that will take posts from r/nba and crosspost it to the team subreddit associated with the post. Eg: A post on Klay Thompson is identified by the bot and crossposted to r/warriors. Your task is to create a model that can correctly identify posts between 1 team subreddit and r/nba.

Executive Summary:
------------------
Reddit is a website full of grouped forumns. It tracks "karma" or fake internet points generated by interactions such as posting and commenting. Some subreddits have karma requirments to post, this is to prevent new accounts from being made with the purpose of spamming, trolling, or brigading subs. The model selected seeks to "farm" karma by automatically posting relevent posts from a parent subreddit (r/nba) to child subreddits(r/-insert team subreddit-). If this bot can generate karma as a user, we will be able to sell this account when it reaches a karma level that has some market value.

|Feature|Type|Description|
|---|---|---|
|column name|int/float/object|This is an example| 
|posts|obj|This column contains the title of the post|
|subreddit|obj|This column contains the subreddit the post was scraped from|
|upvotes|int|This column contains how many upvotes the post got|
|num_comments|int|This column contains the number of comments the post got|

Summary:
--------
I tested 6 different models: Linear Regression, KNearest Neighbors Classifier, Decision Tree Classifier, Random Forest Classifier, Support Vector Classifier, and Naive Bayes. Out of the 6, Logistic Regression and Naive Bayes were the best at prediciting whether a post was from r/nba or r/warriors. Logistic Regression scored higher in precision, where as Naive Bayes had higher accuracy and sensitivity scores. The bot seeks to maximize precision because the goal is to accurately predict posts that can be cross posted to r/warriors and false positives would cause the bot to be easily identified. Each had an ROC score of about .93 showing a large seperation between our classifiers in the data.

Recommendations:
----------------
The most effective model was Logistic Regression. This is a result of the slightly higher precision score. As previously mentioned, false positives would cause the bot to post irrelevant postings on the warriors subreddit. This would lead to action from the subreddit moderators to delete said post. This could cause the bot to be identified and banned which would hinder our goal of farming karma.